docs(inputs): Add plugin metadata and update description for j* to m* (#16593)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/kube_inventory/README.md

# Kubernetes Inventory Input Plugin

This plugin gathers metrics from [Kubernetes][kubernetes] resources.

> [!NOTE]
> This plugin requires Kubernetes version 1.11+.

The gathered resources include for example daemon sets, deployments, endpoints,
ingress, nodes, persistent volumes and many more.

> [!CRITICAL]

> > This plugin produce high cardinal data which, when not controlled for, will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This plugin produces high cardinality data, which when not controlled for will
```
